hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be starting a blog basically moving back
to university and my first few days back
so today it is Monday the 13th I am back
now in axiory as you can see I'm in my
university room on Friday we went up to
North Devon actually so we didn't go
straight to exit oh he decides to go to
North Devon for a few days and family
friends I actually did a little bit of
logging so I'm gonna show you that now
so we drove down to Devon on the Friday
night and we stopped off at the service
stations and I got some melon because I
really like snacking on melon scale of 1
to 10
[Music]
we are here in Devon so we used to come
to Devon every year every year when I
was six months old with your parents
with that as well
so before I would so then the next
morning we went to the beach at around 8
a.m. we are ready I'm sick and on the
beach for a run
ok it's quite early we're here on the
beach it's not that early why do I say
[Music]
so strong with this Beach they're
running back it's so hard
we'll say I managed to sprain my ankle
then later in the day we went on another
walk is trying to you as other Beach
[Music]
ever gone over this a thousand times
before
[Music]
babies now
god
know what you're asking we are on walk
number two of the weekend and we did end
up getting caught in the rain for this
last one but it was talk it was still
really nice I like walk in the rain then
we basically just had it back so when I
drove up Zach step I'm sleeping over
tonight so yes my mom did end up
spending the night because it saved her
driving all the way back to North Devon
after dropping me off and so I filled up
lots of hot water bottles for us because
Beth got quite cold so the next day
after my first lecture I met my friends
ashram blakeney 40 just to catch up and
then I headed back to our flat and I
made myself a really simple lunch I've
got some kale with some toast and this
is tomato sauce that I just knocked up
and they had another lecture later in
the day at 5:30 and until then I just
did lots of work I got started on
studying so here I was doing some
lecture preparation for that lecture so
this was the approaches to criticism one
and I just read through the readings
we've been set and I wrote out notes on
my own boards I'm back from my second
lecture of the day and of the term and
this one was on psychoanalysis it's part
of the approaches to criticism module it
was so good I really want to do module
and psychoanalysis next year now but
they don't they didn't offer it so I
asked the lecture which modules might
kind of contain elements and I'm going
to look into doing those because they do
have really really interesting treating
the text themselves as patients of
psychoanalysis and looking at what is
been repressed and what is unconscious
within the actual literature which is so
so so cool I'm just doing some work on
that at the moment
just to give you an insight on T into
how I make these notes I will write
notes from the readings things that
aren't my ideas in Lamy pen and then
things are my own ideas I will write in
this black gel pen and this just makes
it really easy for me to see my own
original thoughts when it comes to
seminar discussion and writing essays
[Music]
and we have three readings to read for
this my favorite ones are probably the
ones on Freud and especially the one on
the uncanny
[Music]
you
good morning it's now Tuesday and I've
got a lecture very very seen it's
currently 8:30 my lecture starts at 9:30
I'm gonna do a tiny bit of work and then
I'm there
[Music]
I was doing some work for the poem and
we've been set a piece of reading this
was all about what is poetry and so it
gave a lot of scope for thinking about
thought irrespective of lunch I've got a
slice of avocado and taste with some red
pepper the first to taste so now I'm
going to just finish the poetry reading
which I started earlier this wasn't a
very long reading but because there was
so much scope for thought and personal
opinion I ended up spending quite a lot
of time doing this but leave me stranded
I know how
[Music]
then after that I decided to Hoover
because even though I'd hoovered before
leaving it somehow I got really like the
carpet was just not very nice then I'm
really sorry because I realized that
this is out of focus but here I was
making I was planning for something to
do with YouTube and then I was doing the
final reading for the psychoanalysis oh
there is beauty to enjoy on this road
but even so I still feel that
haha
we missed ratted
to handle it
my
I'm alone
[Music]
Lima stranded
I also decided to finally win back my
clock because it had been showing the
wrong time for the last few days and I
thought this was actually a very useful
thing to do who says no point having a
clock on your desk that shows the wrong
time
[Music]
it's called any finish this book so I've
decided to get into bed Terry because it
will hopefully be warmer I've turned up
my radiator higher which I don't like to
do but I'm actually shivering in here
with it only turned up halfway so I've
turned it up you've got myself a hot
water bottle I'm gonna pull up my quilt
all my blankets because I don't know why
but it's cold
actually I do you know why the reason
it's called us because it's January and
we're in England
[Music]
call me Tiger come okay I'm on page 160
of Roxana and I am NOT a big fan of this
book it's not really doing it for me if
this weren't for University I probably I
probably like skim through the rest of
this book it's very content heavy like
it's very plot driven and this is a
reason I don't like really Austen I feel
like it's a bit too heavy and there's
not enough emotion I know lots of people
have said that I just haven't read the
right Austen books and I totally am
aware of that and I do want to read more
Austen this year so I can make a more
valid opinion about her because I
haven't read her for a couple years but
reading this now fast paced in terms of
content but it's not a page-turner
because the actual writing style is just
so shallow it's just all about what's
happening to her and the other thing
that I don't like is that the character
development everyone other than the main
character is very very limited like so
it's quite funny in places I mean it's
60 and 70 and it's quite it's cool how
modern it is it reads like some beach
reads you know summer holiday be trees
the ones that you've got for the beach a
1670 version of that but I don't like it
I'm gonna have to force my way through
the rest of this I wish I were enjoying
it but alas earwax so then after that I
headed to another lecture and afterwards
we found count the campus cat and he's
so friendly so then we went straight to
the gym
I'm back now from laches for the day
it's about 7:30 my lecture finished at
6:30 but I went straight to the gym
afterwards and I was planning on working
out for maybe an hour but over a weekend
I think I might have pulled a muscle in
my leg and I also twisted my ankle
whilst on this beach run I'm not sure if
it's because of the resistance the sand
with the wind I don't know but it really
hurts for me to walk on it and I thought
maybe if I went to the gym I could
loosen it up on the treadmill but that
just didn't happen so I did ten minutes
on the treadmill but after that I just I
literally couldn't do it anymore and I
was limping the whole way back to my
room so I really regret doing that but
then I also feel good in myself for
having done the exercise say yes yeah
for the rest of the workout I just did I
spent a while rolling out my muscles
because they have muscle rollers that
and I want to loosen up this leg because
it really hurts and I also went on the
cross trainer did some stretching
sit-ups that kind of thing
it was quite simple the kids my leg
really really hurt and now it basically
hurts every single time I stand on it
which is not fun
in other news I've had this package fun
this isn't gifted so this is remedy
remedy is a kombucha brand and they make
really good kombucha I've tried a few
different computers and this is
definitely my favorite one so let's open
this up
[Music]
life is a winding road no telling where
it go I wrote a letter here to a family
member eoghan here I was doing
preparation for the creative writing
module that I'm doing so I had the
seminar the following day and I just
went through the readings that we've
been set wrote up some thoughts and we'd
also been set of poems so I did I kind
of annotated that and I wrote up my
thoughts from that so that I can I'd be
ready to discuss it when we hade seminar
the role cause even this is fun down I
will keep on searching for my hurts
you can say oh that's on mine I will
keep on holding my head high even the
sky is falling down I just read a really
interesting article it was sat for the
Creative Writing module that I'm doing
and I would really recommend it if you
like poetry or film it's basically about
background noise you like fully the
process by which this is added in films
it's so fascinating so in particular it
considers a man called skip leav say I
don't know that's how you say it this is
the article and I would highly recommend
it it's very very interesting I never
even thought about it you know how
significant background noise could be
when you have those moments of quiet in
a film which aren't actually quiet and
it's so powerful because it's not
entirely silent you can say oh that's
not mine I will keep on holding my head
high even if the sky is falling
[Music]
skies falling
yeah
[Music]
even if the sky is falling
yeah
[Music]
I have nearly finished these votes but I
want some more frozen raspberries at
this point I genuinely think I could
survive just off frozen raspberries
phrasing was also really good with agave
nectar because when they freeze they're
usually really sour and they're so good
but if you add some agave syrup then it
tastes more like them when they're fresh
I am actually going to end the vlog now
I got back from dinner it was very early
dinner with soshim lately we went to the
iguana's it was really lovely and then I
popped into Paperchase on my way back
and I will show you what I bought I
spent just under two pounds and I got
some wrapping paper for next year it's
this really nice twelve days of
Christmas one down from 375 to one pound
ten I also got the cutest gift tags
these are 60 pence three little avocado
ones then I came back I finished editing
and filming the video I was doing
earlier did some admin I got all my work
done this morning so with that said I am
going to leave thank you so much for
watching today's video I hope that you
enjoyed it it's a very mismatched vlog
let me know if you've got any requests
for particular vlogs you'd like me to do
and I will see you next time so thank
you so much again and I hope that you
have a productive week
[Music]